Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0)

AeroSim
Copyright (c) 2025+ AeroSim Project

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.

To view a copy of this license, visit:
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

or send a letter to:
Creative Commons
PO Box 1866
Mountain View, CA 94042
USA

Full license text: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode

For licensing and attribution inquiries, please contact:
licensing@aerosim.example.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Attribution 4.0 International

=======================================================================

Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is not a law firm and
does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of
Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or
other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related
information available on an "as-is" basis. Creative Commons gives no
warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their
terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons
disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the
fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and
conditions that creators and the public may use. The following
considerations for the public also apply to creators and the public
should follow them in order to make use of the licensed material.

1. Public License Considerations: The public should be aware that the
license may not provide all of the permissions necessary for a
particular use of the licensed material. Other rights such as
publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how the material may be
used.

2. Creative Commons licenses are irrevocable: Once a work is licensed
under a Creative Commons license, licensees may continue to use it
according to the license terms for the duration of applicable
copyright and similar rights.

For more details, please visit:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
